812 landing popup (#934)
insightsengineering/teal: NEWS.md

* Added internal functions for storing and restoring of `teal_slices` objects.
* Filter state snapshots can now be uploaded from file. See `?snapshot`.
* Added argument to `teal_slices` and made modifications to `init` to enable tagging `teal_slices` with an app id to safely upload snapshots from disk.

> * `module` can now create modules of different classes that will be handled differently by `init`. The default class is still `"teal_module"` so no changes to existing templates are necessary. Currently handled classes are `"teal_module_landing"`, which will not be presented in tabs, and `"teal_module_reporter"`.

Reviewer: Not valid anymore. Please change to "introduced `landing_popup_module` ..."

Author: 970ac66fd82319f4b0c2e765e912f9b8140f0416

> * `module` can now create modules of different classes that will be handled differently by `init`. The default class is still `"teal_module"` so no changes to existing templates are necessary. Currently handled classes are `"teal_module_landing"`, which will not be presented in tabs, and `"teal_module_reporter"`.

Author: 970ac66fd82319f4b0c2e765e912f9b8140f0416

* Added internal functions for storing and restoring of `teal_slices` objects.
* Filter state snapshots can now be uploaded from file. See `?snapshot`.
* Added argument to `teal_slices` and made modifications to `init` to enable tagging `teal_slices` with an app id to safely upload snapshots from disk.

> * Modules created with `module()` function are divided into specific classes: `"teal_module"`, `"teal_module_reporter"` 
> and `"teal_module_landing"`. Modules of class `"teal_module_landing"` will not be wrapped into tabs in the `teal` apps.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `module` can now create modules of different classes that will be handled differently by `init`. The default class is still `"teal_module"` so no changes to existing templates are necessary. Currently handled classes are `"teal_module_landing"`, which will not be presented in tabs, and `"teal_module_reporter"`, which is used internally.
```
